

Yo, get..
Turn that shit over boy

¿Cómo se dice? Don't touch on me with them dedos
I minimize all your credentials, I maximize all of my pesos
I want that dance that can do it, give it to me straight, don't dilute it
I'm one-handed like Odell
Numb the pain like Orajel
Up and down like gopher bear, hand on me like oh well
What that smell like, oh, Chanel, way too deep like depths in hell
Need a smoking shot of whiskey, down this bitch like, oh, they prissy
Talking smack, oh, don't get lippy, love on you, oh don't forget me

Radiation is present, got my reflection iridescent
Every little moment I step in, might shift a planets direction
Glitch in the system is present, you might wanna check that connection
I don't give a fuck about freshmens, I don't give a fuck about veterans
If your perception ain't ascending, it's the reason for extinction
All my energy, this shit only happens once in a century
It's elementary when all you speak is rudimentary
Paradiddles hidden and they don't stop at them accessories
So please don't get it mistaken, opportunities taken
Didn't wanna be patient, we had to fight for this thing
Ain't no acting complacent, they disrespect, they're too blatant
We play this spot from the basement, so tell me who you again?
Oh you, who's issue was that? But now you watched and you hating
You taking shots at revolvers, I got two drones at the station
Hit that button, they might come and leave your legacy vacant
You paved the path we didn't want to get demolished with aging

We get money get dough, dame más mi princesa says so
Even though my teeth not gold, baby girl know our pockets drip folds
We get money get dough, dame más mi princesa says so
Even though my teeth not gold, baby girl know our pockets drip folds

Money on my.. Money on my..
Niggas that I.. Niggas that I..
We said what's up.. We said what's up..
Message that I.. Message that I..
Call her brother.. Call her brother..
Niggas lookin'.. Niggas lookin'..
Let my niggas.. Let my niggas..
Niggas with that.. Niggas with that..
