

Oooh, yeah
Oooh, yeah
Spotlight that's just my life and time

Okay, I got me a sweet bitch
So I'm headed to N.Y. just to be up in it
Off of Riverton, we fuckin' us some sweet chick
She go vegan on the weekends
Hell naw, you shouldn't be eatin' dick
I got me a freak bitch and she nasty, she wild, she a free spirit
After me, she gon' let the whole team hit it
God damn, why can't you be more discreet wit' it?
I'm at peace wit' it
Come on, peace, kid
Yeah, it ain't much, look
Okay, got me a cheap broad
Should be tippin' but she'll be puttin' them dollar bills in her bra
She be cussin' out the managers at restaurants
Every time we go to dinner shit is free of charge
I got me a centerfold, kinda sorta
But she poppin' on the Insta though
She gon' have a million followers by the winter time
After that she'll be somebody that I used to know
I had to let her go, you know?
Had a Xan hoe
She be mumblin', ain't it hard to understand though
She in love with all the trappers from Atlanta
Introduced her to T.I. and that was last time I had her
Got a skater bitch
She a gamer gotta take her to arcades and shit
She'll be watchin' Anime while I'm layin' dick
Wanna go to ComicCon? I'm like, "Come down a bit"
On my gangsta shit, uhh
Speakin' of which, got a gangsta boo
Man, her mama and her grandmomma a gangsta too
With the drama keep the llama in the daisy dukes
Yeah, the five shot she'll take it to the party, she gon' shoot up the room? (Fuck outta here, nigga, run ya shit)
Oooh, got a lazy bitch
Oh, I'ma do it tomorrow, tomorrow came and went
Ain't fuckin' at the crib, it's probably dirty as shit
How you runnin' outta breath when you ridin' the dick?
Hoe, oh nah, nah, nah, you gotta get the fuck up off me right now
Oh, baby, I been thinkin' 'bout what I gotta do all day and I'm fuckin' tired, Wilma tired
Damn!
Okay, I got it
Got a cougar bitch
We be fuckin' in the back of Subaru's and shit
I would love to spend the night, there's always food in the fridge
She be knowin' what she likin' and what to do wit' it
Uh, throwin' me around, wasn't used to it
Gotta tell my bigger homie how abusive she is
Nigga, no one would believe me, they like, "You just a bitch"
Had to buy surveillance cameras to get proof of it
Damn
I'm suin' you, bitch!

But I got a fat ass one from Chicago
She said she lowkey but everybody know
Bitch is from heaven, mattress on the floor
Invite her to the crib, show her how I live
But she bossin' roaches, no
Next stop Ohio
Her mom's shoppin' these parts from Mexico
She demand the D before and after show
These are the ups and downs when we're in the...

Spotlight that's just my life and time
Yeah, baby, baby, yeah
Yeahhh, baby
Oh, darlin', oooh
Darlin', darlin', darlin', darlin'

Okay
Shit, yes, Lord
Okay
Spotlight that's just my life and time
I got it, uh

Got a yogi bitch and she natural, she hate to wear deodorant
And she bashful if she come up out those clothes she in
You got a what, my nigga? You got-you got a what?
Oh, your bitch is flexible?
No, no-no-no-no
You like yogi bitches now? Fuck that!
How'd you get in here? Chill
Let's see if your bitch could dodge these bullets, nigga
My nigga, you know what?
No-no!
Get the fuck, wait, you fuckin' wit' a bitch..
Don't talk...
That don't shave her under arms?
You know what? You gon' run that under arm hair bitch
Bitches in the hood need that for edges
Put the gun down, yo!
What else you got in your bag, bitch? Come up off that
Shut the fuck up, nigga
You know what, come up off your cha-you know what? I fuckin' loved you, nigga
Your bitch is makin' me-you know what, bitch?
She 'bout to die first, fuck that
