

[Rodney Dangerfield:]
Ah, that's right, doll
But everyone wants love
Love, is the answer, Johnny
Everyone is lookin' for love, deep love
A lifetime of deep love, you know?
I'm lookin' for a shallow half hour, you know?
[Johnny Carson:]
Don't you have luck with women?
[Rodney Dangerfield:] 
I never had luck with women
I'm no ladies man, I know that, Johnny
And I never got girls when I was a kid in show business either, you know?
One girl told me, "Come on over, there's nobody home"
I went over, there was nobody home!

[Anderson .Paak:]
You and I will always be somewhere between
You and I will always be somewhere between
Sweet Trippy, I'm yours for the gettin'
Talkin' foolish, had the moon, I was gone, eighteen hunnid, sippin'

I can't get rid of you, all the places that I used to go and kick it
All this weight that I'm liftin', trippy

Come meet me in the middle, right there where you always be
Somewhere in between, you and I will always be
Come meet me in the middle, right there where we always be
Somewhere in between, you and I will always be
Come meet me in the middle (I'll meet you in the middle)
Come meet me in the middle (Somewhere in between)
Come meet me in the middle (You and I will always be)
Right there where we always be

Without a space I could feel, in the words to define
Pick it up, if you will, heavy weight on my mind
Just a pretty brown thing wit'cho head in the clouds
Why don't you slip the round thing in the palm of my hands
Up enough for the thrill, over over you spill
Open up, I could tell
I could see when it's real
And as soon as I grab ahold of ya, I'ma have to let go of ya

[J. Cole:]
Came down the block, somethin' sick, but it's rented
I don't give a fuck, bitch, either way, I'm in it
I ain't gotta prove to you that I got bread
Niggas talkin' money but broker than the bed that I slept on back in Muammed crib
'Member fuckin' hoes leanin' all the left
Don't know why they rock wit' a nigga, but they did
Damn sure wasn't the money, maybe it's the kid?
Used to have a honey that we loved when we was young but somehow got disconnected before Facebook got so big
I used to search her name hopin' we could reconnect
But if I sent the message, would she still be on my dick?
When I couldn't find her, had me feelin' mad lame
Maybe she got married and she changed her last name
Maybe she just ain't up on the latest of the internet and ain't got into that
But give her time, that'll change
Bingo, what do you know?
Years later, late night after a show we here later
Brown skin, love how it glow, your hair tighter
Ask, "Is it cool if I smoke?" Go 'head, light up
High from your fragrance, I love, you smell purrty
Know I got it straight from the mud, my nails dirty
If somehow we both loose touch, I won't lie, ya got me open way too much, I'm gon' find ya

[Anderson .Paak:]
We should be lost in the deep end, like water to a fish scale
Why don't I just swim?

I can't get rid of you, all the places that I used to go and kick it
All this weight that I'm liftin', trippy

Come meet me in the middle, right there where you always be
Somewhere in between, you and I will always be
Come meet me in the middle, right there where we always be
Somewhere in between, you and I will always be
Come meet me in the middle (You and I will always be)
Come meet me in the middle (Somewhere in between)
Come meet me in the middle (You and I will always be)
Somewhere in between
You and I will always be
