

The devil thought he had me, I was on back burners
Moon walking fast, ya'll respect my journey
Evil tapping in like the Feds was watching
No album, no dope, I was all out of options
I'd rather rob than get a job don't insult me
Remember it was nicks and dimes in '03
I was doing bad so I took your bag
Tables turned, lessons learned, karma come back fast
Flipped off that bitch, milly rocking the wheel
200 thousand in the bank straight to hospital bills
Momma still got the shakes, praying I'm all right
Dreams of enemies in the lobby when they hit the lights
So many niggas be wishing they was you bro
Same niggas that hit you with that "I love you bro"
Tread softly see the snakes coming I pop em off me, nigga
My life cost me

Bitch where? Tell me you a real one, bitch where?
Tell me you gon kill some, bitch where?
Say you in the field huh? bitch where?

Battle scars and tribulations, downfalls from the situations
I bounced off with dedication, accounted for my participation
Gettin' pounds off, gettin' rounds off, gettin' blocks back I facilitated
When I sound off, you a groundhog, that's a casket and a pillow waitin'
Magic in a dope spot, four chickens, that's Popeye's
More spinach, that's Popeye, four women sippin' Mai Tais
I'm a cold nigga, free my guys, free PI, free Puta May
Free shooter Ray from the foul line, we gon get money or die tryin'
Jay Rock and I'm back bitch, watch out, blow your back, bitch
Be cool, gotta relax bitch, I'm only speakin' facts, bitch
I been through the bullshit to the pulpit, up shit's creek
Been a nuisance to my OGs, got a new sense 2018
Put that on the bloodiest, whip clean, I'm the bloodiest
Bitch cling on the bloodiest, pull up, I'ma fuck with it
Slide in for the tape deck, got a best friend she say less
Fake threats, I'ma fade that, either pay checks or I pay debt

Bitch where? Tell me you a real one, bitch where?
Tell me you gon kill some, bitch where?
Say you in the field huh? bitch where?

Lock and loaded, I control it
Rock and roll it, don't you notice, I'm the coldest
Lock and loaded, I control it
Rock and roll it, don't you notice, I'm the coldest
Lock and loaded, I control it
Rock and roll it, don't you notice, I'm the coldest
Lock and loaded, I control it
Rock and roll it, don't you notice, I'm the coldest
