

[Hook:]
It's comin' clear I've noticed
It's a different face you're shown'
It's another "welcome back"
I don't imagine it could be this way, so jealous
Only you can tell it, tell me why
Only you can tell it...
Only you can say...
Only you can tell it...
Only you can say...
Only you can tell it...
Only you can say...
Tell me why...

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Two sides, what the game'll do
Bring money, fame to you
Stackin' mine, nigga, 'ye high
Standin' on it like a pedestal
Couldn't imagine no better view
From the pool house you see four cars
Bad bitches, they skinny dippin'
Mix college bitches with porn stars
Disconnected my OnStar, no GPS these, VVS
Lorraine Schwartz on speed dial, went ocular, that's CBS
Aston Martin, DBS, James Bond cool as James Todd
Best nigga to make hits and run base since A-Rod
Hands dirty like Exxon, I'm grindin' nigga, you J-Kwon
My Diors is distressed, CDG vest with Jays on
Bloggers get your trace on, 500 horses race on
Coke ties, that coke dries, it's cemented, it's baked on
That's based on, the life of a nigga who ain't said nothin'
Trunk tight, trunk white, can't relate if you ain't bled nothin'
Now that they said somethin'
Don't make me have to dead nothin'
You askin' me to tell you why, you niggas never had nothin'

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Wale]
Somethin' y'all wouldn't understand
Check
Look, what's good?
Folarin back, the hardest out, I put us on the map
My eyes low, I keep 5 bros, so my THC be makin' sound effects
We ain't hatin', cause we ain't y'all
Too much Ciroc, you CB4
62, black on black, see my vehicle is like me, akbar
Shoutout to Norfolk, kids from Portland, my hoes from Portsmouth
Y'all lookin' down? If a brick was round you might need a forklift
Can't fuck with us cause me and my niggas ride
That's right - what up Pusha T? It's DMV for life
Sepsenahki, I beg your pardon
Respiratory full of a nest of of Marley
Freeze somethin' for an after party, and Balenciaga fill arenas twice
'TIl these motherfuckers get me though
Iceberg, shorty, ma'fuck your Disney store
And remove your words, G, Double-O D, MMG, we good
Got Zamunda furs, don't know 'bout King, but Pusha's semi cold
My nigga Jeezy, OVA, I hope you hear these flows
Behind them walls, stealin' our thoughts, the city know

[Hook]
