

Hey, we really need to talk

Yeah, yeah, want me to tell you the truth?
What you expect me to say?
'Cause if we keeping it true
It's probably never gon' change
But, I guess it's hereditary baby, why you playing with my heart?
It's hereditary girl, you was just playing from the start, yeah
Shit, but if you let me explain, shit

I shouldn't let you explain, you should just let me explain
I see the games you be playing, it's really ice in your veins
It's kinda fucking insane, arguin' and power exchange?
I guess I'm out of my lane, I know I'm losing my brain
But, I know it's hereditary baby 'cause your mama was a G
And your daddy wasn't there so you be trying to play with me, yeah
Shit, but, but that ain't the wave
But if I'm keeping it true, I know why I be this way now
We don't speak, we seat, eat food faced down
We don't sleep no more, we need space now
She gon' leave and go and her find her a bae now
Ouch, ouch, that's pain, yeah, oh so painful
Trying to change, just let me die in the rainfall
I can't save her if she don't want to be saved, how
Please God, do something for me God
She cut me deep just to see if I'ma bleed out
I know this ain't what I need, but who's to say what I need
What you say to your demons?
What you say when your heart is walking away with your feelings?
Ah, but didn't you know I tried, tried, tried, tried
Tried to be the guy in your life
But you tied my soul, spirit, and mind and dullness all your life

The fuck you want me to say?
And if I'm keeping it true
It's probably never gon' change, no
But I guess it's hereditary baby, why you playing with my heart?
It's hereditary baby, you could've said this from the start, yeah
But, but ain't that a waste?
A big fucking waste of time
A big fucking waste of time, yeah

Uh, okay, I remember all the better days
Used to spend a hella lot of time
Guessing something had got in the way
Guessing I was probably out of line
Then you said, "Don't speak to me"
I'd be like, "Okay, it's fine"
That's just gon' prolong the fight
Know that we said one of us upset
Then we just not gon' sleep tonight, aw damn
Man this shit has turned all bad
Call mama, call dad, call Izzy, call Precious, call Pat
It's like she spit in my face
And now the world's fall down on me and I can't handle the weight
But I'm finna get medicated, maybe it'll take the pain away
A relationship will make you have a fucking revelation
But, but that ain't a waste, no
It's never been a waste of time
It's never been a waste of time, no

Uh, want me to tell you the truth?
What you expect me to say?
'Cause if we keeping it true
It's probably never gon' change
But, I guess it's hereditary baby, why you playing with my heart?
It's hereditary girl, you was just playing from the start, yeah
Shit, but if you let me explain, shit

Hey, we really need to talk
But, of course, you never answer your phone
I just don't think this relationship is working out
You never make time for me, you never show me off
You just never make me feel special
I mean, I want to work things out, but I would need you to change first
And we both know, that will never happen
