

Alright
Niggas be half-mad in a [?] paralyze
Can't even use his legs and thighs, ready to ride
I'm ready to die's a lie, I gotta live
Nice ride, machete inside, you gotta chill
Nighttime, spaghetti and fries, we make a meal out whatever's in the fridge or some shit I done pilfered
Send a dick pic to ya chick, no filter
Too much swag, I could sell a house to a realtor
Realtor
Real talk
I'm on my real ting shit
A king of oneself, on my clothes, in my [?]
My mindset
Bad white girl and a fine set of twins on her chest and her kids
745 Benz, left her old man
Simply, cause I put that endi in Fendi
All by my lonesome, I'm lookin' for an Olsen
Twin, there I go again
Slow-mo approachin' [?]
Window rolls, and a smoke billows from the ocean wind
Makin' a [?]

Nigga, that a snortnose sneeze like achoo!
He can make that snortnose sneeze like achoo!
I can make the snortnose sneeze like achoo!
I could make the snortnose sneeze like achoo!
Young nigga blessin, blessin, blessin, blessin
Nigga, that a snortnose sneeze like achoo!
Nigga, that a snortnose sneeze like achoo!

Alright, y'all would keep it cool if you knew the shit that I knew
I know, but you ain't gon' listen for your survival
You just a cool guy, accompanied by a fly hoe
Who just a fly hoe, she'll fly away on bottles
Couple nights in [?] bottles, come swallow
She with another man on that same shit tomorrow
You with another chick, she flew you in from Chicago
She wanna be where you go, where I go
I'm J.I.D Leonardo
DiCaprio, put a cap in yo soul in an arrow
Mo' 4, 5-0
Woah, woah, drive slow
That's only cause nobody's on top of us
We know they watchin' us, bifocal binoculars
On clock and they clockin' us
Skin black so they lock us up
Fuckin' debauchery
I wrote this, I'm absolute and obsolete
Blunt full of Socrates
Modern-day me
The comparisons is cool, but it stops at the door
Nigga, locks and the Glocks and the dogs
Take off yo shoes and yo cool
Matter fact, don't move, just join the movement
The Spill-Vill revo-fuckin-lution

Nigga, that a snortnose sneeze like achoo!
He can make that snortnose sneeze like achoo!
I can make the snortnose sneeze like achoo!
I could make the snortnose sneeze like achoo!
Young nigga blessin, blessin, blessin, blessin
Nigga, that a snortnose sneeze like achoo!
Nigga, that a snortnose sneeze like achoo!
